sql-statement: improve consistency, fix small errors (#3663)
pingcap/docs: constraints.md

SELECT * FROM users;
```

## UNIQUE KEY

Depending on the transaction mode and the value of `tidb_constraint_check_in_place`, TiDB might check `UNIQUE` constraints [lazily](/transaction-overview.md#lazy-check-of-constraints). This helps improve performance by batching network access.

For example:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
DROP TABLE IF EXISTS users;
CREATE TABLE users (
 id INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
 username VARCHAR(60) NOT NULL,
 UNIQUE KEY (username)
);
INSERT INTO users (username) VALUES ('dave'), ('sarah'), ('bill');
```

> With the default of pessimistic locking:

Author: I think this could be misinterpreted: "the default pessimistic locking" implies that there could be more than one type of pessimistic locking. I am going to reject this edit.

For example:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
CREATE TABLE t1 (a INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY);
```

```
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.12 sec)
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
CREATE TABLE t2 (a INT NULL PRIMARY KEY);
```

```
ERROR 1171 (42000): All parts of a PRIMARY KEY must be NOT NULL; if you need NULL in a key, use UNIQUE instead
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
CREATE TABLE t3 (a INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY, b INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY);
```

```
ERROR 1068 (42000): Multiple primary key defined
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
CREATE TABLE t4 (a INT NOT NULL, b INT NOT NULL, PRIMARY KEY (a,b));
```

```
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.10 sec)
```

* Table `t2` failed to be created, because column `a` is defined as the primary key and does not allow NULL values.
* Table `t3` failed to be created, because a table can only have one primary key.
* Table `t4` was created successfully, because even though there can be only one primary key, TiDB supports defining multiple columns as the composite primary key.

> In addition to the rules above, by default, TiDB has an additional restriction that once a table is successfully created, its primary key cannot be changed. If you need to add/remove the primary key, you need to set  `alter-primary-key`  to  `true`  in the TiDB configuration file, and restart the TiDB instance to make it effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the rules above, by default, TiDB has an additional restriction that once a table is successfully created, its primary key cannot be changed. If you need to add or remove the primary key, set `alter-primary-key` to `true` in the TiDB configuration file, and restart the TiDB instance to make it effective.
```

> When the add/delete primary key feature is enabled, TiDB allows adding/deleting primary key to the table. However, it should be noted that, if a table with an integer type primary key has been created before the feature is enabled, you cannot delete its primary key constraint even when you enable the add/delete primary key feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the feature of adding or deleting the primary key is enabled, TiDB allows adding the primary key to or deleting the primary key from the table. However, if a table with an integer type primary key has been created before the feature is enabled, you cannot delete its primary key constraint even when you enable the adding or deleting primary key feature.
```

## FOREIGN KEY

> **Note:**
>
> TiDB has limited support for foreign key constraints.

TiDB supports creating `FOREIGN KEY` constraints in DDL commands.

For example:

```sql
CREATE TABLE users (
 id INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
 doc JSON
);
CREATE TABLE orders (
 id INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
 user_id INT NOT NULL,
 doc JSON,
 FOREIGN KEY fk_user_id (user_id) REFERENCES users(id)
);
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
SELECT table_name, column_name, constraint_name, referenced_table_name, referenced_column_name
FROM information_schema.key_column_usage WHERE table_name IN ('users', 'orders');
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

+------------+-------------+-----------------+-----------------------+------------------------+
| table_name | column_name | constraint_name | referenced_table_name | referenced_column_name |
+------------+-------------+-----------------+-----------------------+------------------------+
| users      | id          | PRIMARY         | NULL                  | NULL                   |
| orders     | id          | PRIMARY         | NULL                  | NULL                   |
| orders     | user_id     | fk_user_id      | users                 | id                     |
+------------+-------------+-----------------+-----------------------+------------------------+
3 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

> TiDB also supports the syntax to `DROP FOREIGN KEY` and `ADD FOREIGN KEY` via the `ALTER TABLE` command.

Reviewer: Generally, do not the word in a command as a verb.
```suggestion
TiDB also supports the `DROP FOREIGN KEY` and `ADD FOREIGN KEY` syntax via the `ALTER TABLE` command.
```
